Add/440:Page Citation Key (#691)
thegetty/quire-docs: content/docs-v1/citation-bibliographies.md

    displayOnPage: false
```

### Page-level Bibliography with Page YAML

> If you do not want to use the `{% cite %}` shortcode to include pop-up citations, but still want a page-level bibliography you can use the page YAML to add additional references toy our essay. Just add a `citations` key to your page YAML and list `ids` that correspond with your desired `references.yaml` entries, as in the example below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use the `{% cite %}` shortcode to include pop-up citations, but still want a page-level bibliography you can use the page YAML to add additional references to your essay. Just add a `citations` key to your page YAML and list `ids` that correspond with your desired `references.yaml` entries, as in the example below: 
```

> If you do not want to use the `{% cite %}` shortcode to include pop-up citations, but still want a page-level bibliography you can use the page YAML to add additional references to your essay. Just add a `citations` key to your page YAML and list `ids` that correspond with your desired `references.yaml` entries, as in the example below: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use the `{% cite %}` shortcode to include pop-up citations, but still want a page-level bibliography you can use the page YAML to add additional references to your essay. Just add a `citations` key to your page YAML and list `id`s that correspond with your desired `references.yaml` entries, as in the example below: 
```
